IHello, everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI here!
I want the fancount for girls to increase!
Girls! Girls! Girls! Girls! Girls! Girls!
Girls!
Girls…
I want to make more videos about attaining girls’ responses!
The thing girls love is…
That’s right!
A girls’ meetup!
That said, today!
The topic will be Operation: Explosive Increase in Girl Fans!
I think I’ll perform
a realistic girls’ meetup
using myself
Well then, let’s give it a shot!
Girls!
A.I.Channel!
Transmission!
Excu~se me!
One matcha tea latte, please
Ah!
And it’s a little bit cold, so could you adjust the air con?
Ah! Plea~se!
Ah… It would’ve been great had I brought myself a coat…
Girl Fans’ Upsurge Point
“Bothered by Coldness”
It’s so cold here. Y’know,
it’s, like, been forever since we last met up!
How’s it goin’? Got a boyf?
Girl Fans’ Upsurge Point
“For now, love discussion”
Ohh, really…
Your girl power have increased a lot since we last met…
So I figured you got a main squeeze!
Wait, what?
Me? No way!
I don’t! I don’t! I don’t!
So, what? The opposite?
I’m not really looking for one at the mo-…
I’d rather get a puppy instead!
Girl Fans’ Upsurge Point
“Using a dog to evade”
Huh? Me?
Nah, no way!
My girl power didn’t increase a bit
For real! It’s totally at the bottom!
Girl Fans’ Upsurge Point
“Low girl power appeal”
Things I’m in to lately? Hmm, hobbies…
Lately, I’ve been checking out movies
Yeah! I watch a lot!
Maybe 1 or 2 a month
Girl Fans’ Upsurge Point
“Superficial hobbies”
Ahh… y’know!
I legit wanna travel overseas!
Girl Fans’ Upsurge Point
“Sudden change of topic”
Ahh! Definitely!
Hawaii is so niiice~
Huh?
Oh, Paris is also great
Yep! I get it, I get it
Yeah yeah yeah! Right?
Ah, yeah I totally get it
Yep yep yep
You got that right!
Girl Fans’ Upsurge Point
“Sloppy response”
Hey, aren’t you really thin?
Don’t lie! You’re totally thin now! No way!
Totally! Even your face has trimmed up!
You’re totes popular, right? Must be nice!
Girl Fans’ Upsurge Point
“Say what you aren’t thinking”
Huh? Me?
I’m not thin! I’m not thin!
I mean, I wolf down meat and stuff, so I’m really tubby!
It’s sad that I’ve gotten so fat! Seriously!
Girl Fans’ Upsurge Point
“Insist on being a fatty”
Ah! Excu~se me!
Cod roe pasta, please!
Girl Fans’ Upsurge Point
“Still fitting in a pasta”
I’m not popular at all!
Totally totally not popular!
I don’t have a boyfriend
Girl Fans’ Upsurge Point
“Uncool appeal”
My girl power is very low too
My girl power is, like, absolutely non-existent!
Cuz! See!
I ate snacks late last night too!
That’s totally all bad!
Girl Fans’ Upsurge Point
“Low girl power appeal”
Eh? Y’know, I really want to go oversea~s
Girl Fans’ Upsurge Point
“Anyway, I want to go overseas”
Hey! Yeah, def! Let’s go, let’s go!
Yeah yeah yeah
Really! That’s right!
That’s right of the right!
Girl Fans’ Upsurge Point
“We probably won’t go”
We definitely got more girl fans now!
The sound of clicking the subscribe button!
I can already hear that!
Ahh!
For sure,
I need boy fans’ subscriptions too♡
This was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI!
See you later!
We need more translators!
Join our Discord for all AI-chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by Loserbait, ロリコ, ととと